Initial version of Abstract (and a reference-related nit) (#20)
yaronf/wimse-s2s: draft-sheffer-wimse-s2s-protocol.md

  RFC9110:

informative:
  IANA.JOSE.ALGS: IANA.jose_web-signature-encryption-algorithms

--- abstract

The WIMSE architecture defines authentication and authorization for software workloads
in a variety of runtime environments, from the most basic ones up to complex
multi-service, multi-cloud, multi-tenant deployments. This document defines the simplest, atomic unit of
this architecture: the protocol between two workloads that need to verify each other's identity
in order to communicate securely. The scope of this protocol is a single HTTP request-and-response
pair. To address the needs of different setups, we propose two protocols,

>  one at the application level and one that makes use of trusted TLS transport.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
one at the application level and one that makes use of trusted TLS transport.
```

These two protocols are compatible, in the sense that a single call

> chain can have some calls use one protocol and some use the other. Service A can call
> Service B with mutual TLS protection, while the next call from Service B to Service C
> would be protected at the application level.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
chain can have some calls use one protocol and some use the other. Service A can call
Service B with mutual TLS authentication, while the next call from Service B to Service C
would be authenticated at the application level.
```

Reviewer: concur w/ @jsalowey here
